you
hi my name is Jean de halloween is fast
approaching and I'd like to show you how
to do fake injuries to spruce up your
halloween costumes that's up Oh now that
you've got a shiner let's work on
getting a busted lip the materials
you'll need to make a cut or a busted
lip would be paint crayons a little bit
of wax and fake blood to make a fake cut
you're going to want to start off with
the wax you are going to pull a little
ball of that off and place it on the
portion you want your busted lip to be
so I'll put it all right here the reason
you're doing this is cuts normally have
arisen part and kinda has dimension to
it and with flat makeup you're unable to
do that so a little bit of wax gives you
that appearance so we've got a nice
piece of wax there you can barely see it
we're gonna kind of indent that in a
little bit so take your nail kind of put
a cut in it and what that does is it
though you can't see it right now it
adds a little dimension in so then we're
gonna use the crayon
a little red spot underneath and a color
in the wax a little bit as you can see
there's a little coloration we're gonna
pull out the purple again dab a little
bit on just to really pull out the color
you'll want to go underneath too I'm
gonna add in a little bit of brown just
right in the center as you can see
there's a lot of colors going on there
it's starting to look like a bruise next
we're gonna add a little bit of thick
blood put a little on your lip remember
don't swallow this drip it down now you
got a busted lip don't mess with me son
now you know how to make a bus to lip
you can scare your friends your parents
your teachers whoever you want have a
great Halloween bye